Real life can be tough.
With family and work not living up to your
hopes and dreams, life can be a difficult
time.
But you can always escape these problems and
live the life you have always dreamed of with
The Sims 3 Pets.
Don’t have the family you want in real life,
then make a new virtual family that will obey
your every wish.
The Sims has always been one of the most popular
franchises because its simple premise can
be enjoyed by practically everyone.
You can recreate yourself and live another
life, only this time with chirpy background
music.
And while this experience is mostly enjoyed
on PC, consoles have been given their own
versions of the games, be it a less version
and is more difficult to control.
A controller will never give the same control
that a mouse and keyboard does.
But that doesn’t mean that this game doesn’t
provide a good time.
Just like in the PC version this is a life
simulator.
You design your Sim, and give all the qualities
that describes yourself or all the qualities
you wish described yourself.
The character creation gives you many options
and your are able to make your Sim look anyway
you want.
I’m going to make mine look like Derek,
so that he listens to my every command.
After you settle on an appearance you have
to give them a personality.
Remember, even in the Sims world, if you don’t
have the looks you can still make up for it
with a great personality.
You pick which traits you want them to have
and also what are their lifetime wishes.
This will determine the future of your Sim.
Is your Sim going to want to be a world renown
journalist or is your destiny to be a professional
athlete?
This is where that is decided.
And because this is Sims 3 Pets, you are also
given the opportunity to create your own man’s
best friend, or the family cat.
There is basically every breed you could want,
from German Shepard to Corgis.
I wonder what those mixed together would look
like?
After you have your family and your home,
you live your lives.
You will need to find a job, make friends,
and watch over your Sims as they go through
life.
The controls on console feel very awkward
to work with at first and will leave your
wishing for a mouse.
But after you play a little, and become use
to them, they will start to feel natural.
This is coming from having played The Sims
on PC first, but if you have only played on
consoles then they will feel fine right from
the beginning.
One thing that I don’t like about the game,
is that every time you give your Sim a command,
the game pauses while you select your decision.
I understand this is to help with the console
controls and is not that much of a bother,
but it does interrupt the flow of the game.
Also there are some pretty decent loading
times when you leave areas.
Again, not deal breakers but long enough to
be a bother.
The city of the Sims is big, with tons of
different things for your Sims to do.
You can have them go fishing or to the bookstore.
And with online, you can download things and
designs created by other users.
This goes on to make you feel like just one
family in a much bigger city.
You are in control of these virtual lives,
with countless ways to have them live their
lives.
Will have them make a family and raise their
children through the generations or will you
lock them in a house and burn it down around
them.
These are your Sims, and your decisions.